Add tempo-cli command: convert parquet-2-to-3 (#2828)
grafana/tempo: docs/sources/tempo/operations/tempo_cli.md

```bash
tempo-cli parquet convert data.parquet out.parquet
```
## Parquet convert 2 to 3 command

> Converts a parquet2 file (actual data.parquet) to a parquet3 block with an optional list of dedicated columns.
> This utility command is useful when testing the impact of different combinations of dedicated columns. Currently
> all listed columns are assumed to be at the span scope.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Converts a vParquet2 file (actual data.parquet) to a vParquet3 block with an optional list of dedicated columns.
This utility command is useful when testing the impact of different combinations of dedicated columns. Currently
all listed columns are assumed to be at the span scope.
```

```bash
tempo-cli parquet convert-2-to-3 <in file> <out path> <list of dedicated columns> 
```

Arguments:

> - `in file` Filename of an existing parquet2 file containing Tempo trace data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `in file` Filename of an existing vParquet2 file containing Tempo trace data
```
